RHIDP-14495: JTBD Discover category (#2399)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: titles/product_product/category-maps/discover/con-why-internal-developer-platforms.adoc

Role-based access control (RBAC)::
Manage user access with robust security permissions tailored to organizational needs.

Software catalog::
Search, view, and manage services, APIs, and libraries from a central inventory. Track ownership, metadata, and component health in one place.

Software templates::
Accelerate project setup by using preconfigured templates for CI/CD, runtime, and security. Standardize implementation while enabling developer autonomy.

Tech docs::
Create, store, and view technical documentation alongside code. Make content searchable, consistently formatted, and accessible through the portal.

Scalability::
Support growing teams and applications while maintaining access to the same tools and services.

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources

* {customizing-book-link}#configuring-templates[Configuring templates]
* {techdocs-book-link}[{techdocs-book-title}]
* {customizing-book-link}#proc-customize-rhdh-learning-paths_configuring-templates[Customizing the Learning Paths in {product}]
* {installing-and-viewing-plugins-book-link}[{installing-and-viewing-plugins-book-title}]

> * xref:platform-integrations-for-toolchain-connectivity_{context}[Integrations in {product}]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* xref:platform-integrations-for-toolchain-connectivity_evaluate-rhdh-capabilities[Integrations in {product}]
```

> * xref:platform-integrations-for-toolchain-connectivity_evaluate-rhdh-capabilities[Integrations in {product}]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* xref:platform-integrations-for-toolchain-connectivity_developer-lightspeed-ai-virtual-assistant-capabilities[Integrations in {product}]
```
